Adds post_upgrade and restart services. (#334)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/admin/admin_install.md

- append `"nautobot_golden_config"` to the `PLUGINS` list, and `"nautobot_plugin_nornir"` if it was not already there (more info [here](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-nornir)).
- append the `"nautobot_golden_config"` dictionary to the `PLUGINS_CONFIG` dictionary, and `"nautobot_plugin_nornir"` if it was not already there.

> Once the update of the Nautobot configuration, run the Post Upgrade command to run migrations and clear any cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Nautobot configuration is updated, run the Post Upgrade command to run migrations and clear any cache.
```
